Halloween is an originally religious celebration that has become a popular holiday in many countries, especially in the USA and Canada.
It is celebrated on the 31st of October, the eve of All Hallows’ Day.
The word ‘Halloween’ is a contraction of ‘All Hallows’ Evening’.
Nowadays most people do not see Halloween as a religious celebration.
It is just a fun holiday that includes many traditional activities such as trick-or-treating and costume parties.
It is popular among both children and grown-ups.
A Halloween costume party is an event where everyone should be dressed up as ghosts, witches, skeletons etc, although in many cases people choose less ghost-related costumes and dress up as pirates, robots, popular shows and videogames characters.
Visiting haunted attractions is a different kind of activity.
That kind of event is a live show that simulates visiting a haunted house, people might feel like they are in a horror movie.
Haunted attractions usually feature scary characters such as horror movie villains or ghosts and zombies.
The activity that little children are fond of is trick-or-treating.
Kids wear costumes, knock on their neighbors’ doors and say ‘Trick or treat!” The phrase suggests ‘You either give me a treat or we play a trick on you’.
According to the rules of the game, grown-ups are supposed to give a treat to the children, usually a bunch of candies.
Children love this activity because it is fun and they end up collecting a lot of candies from grown-ups.
Another traditional Halloween activity is making jack-o’-lanterns.
A jack-o’-lantern is a hollow pumpkin carved in a particular way.
It looks like a head with a creepy smile and a candle inside.
This is probably the most recognizable symbol of Halloween.
Halloween is originally a Christian celebration but it has become popular in many countries, although the traditions of Halloween vary among them.
For example, in Russia, where I live, trick-or-treating and making jack-o’-lanterns have not become common.
Halloween is a relatively popular holiday but it is celebrated mostly in the form of costume parties.